ansi-art: ANSI art pieces remniscient of MS-DOS driver `ANSI.SYS` and `BCOM.EXE`
argv-options: command line arguments typically expected by `getopt_long()`
ascii-art: "Low bit" a.k.a. 7-bit ASCII art items without control characters
auth-warnings: Legal warnings shown by networked computer systems before login
biology-info: Reference information useful in the study of biological issues
cert-data: Information commonly utilized by cryptographic certificate materials
char-encodes: Various character encodings provided by different locales/charsets
cipher-data: Data that typically denotes or is used by cipher algorithms
cmd-usage: Help text shown in a terminal when attempting to execute CLI programs
cms-errors: Error codes and/or messages rendered by a Content Management System
code-keywords: Identifiers known as reserved words in programming language specs
dbase-strs: Strings often encountered when working with database software
dialup-modems: Info about modems on the plain old (e.g. analog) telephone system
dns-commands: Commands, packages, utilities, etc. used for Domain Name Service 
dns-domains: A list of domains that may or may not be found in the live DNS tree
dns-headers: Fields that exist in network layer IP headers of DNS datagrams
dns-hostnames: The host name part of an FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name)
dns-records: Data specific to RR's (Resource Records) in the DNS system
dns-resolv: Information that's usually used and/or produced by DNS resolvers
dns-servers: Data provided to, produced by or related to DNS name servers
dns-toplevel: TLD's or Top Level Domains are the uppermost part of DNS hierarchy
environ-infos: Details pertaining to a machine's OS runtime environment
environ-names: Environment variable names as encountered at the shell prompt
environ-values: Environment variable values as encountered as the shell prompt
exploit-info: Technical information on exploitation of security vulnerabilities
file-extens: File extensions, i.e. the part after the period in a file name
ftp-commands: FTP (File Transfer Protocol) commands as specified by IETF's RFC's
glibc-code: Code taken from the source code of the GNU standard C library
html-forms: HTML forms
html-words: 
http-agents: Software version banners for HTTP User Agents also known as browsers
http-cgi: Common Gateway Interface used for web programming on the server-side
http-headers: Header fields sent in requests and responses by browsers/servers
http-methods: Method names sent at the start of a browser's first request line 
http-params: Parameters browsers sometimes send when requesting server URI paths
http-paths: Path names browsers almost always must include in queries to servers
http-queries: 
http-status: Numeric codes that denote the status of a web server during response
inet-addrs: Numeric Internet addresses a.k.a. IP addresses--mostly version 4
inet-routes: Data useful in the maintenance and use of Internet routing tables
ios-data: Datum specific to Cisco's IOS (Internetwork Operating System) 
chat-commands: Both standard and custom Internet Relay Chat commands
iso-codes: International Standardization Organization code numbers and such
java-code: Data found in the source code of programs written with Java
libc-data: Standard C library related data potentially useful for tests
link-layer: Info concerning OSI layer 2 also known as the link layer (below IP)
linux-paths: Path names found on file systems created by Linux installations
local-uris: URI's which reference data that is local to the current machine/host
methbot-iocs: Indicators of Compromise identify malware from the Methbot botnet
mobile-devs: Miscellaneous items and objects found within mobile devices
net-ifaces: Detailed information which can be extracted from network interfaces
netsh-data:
ntfs-paths:
nvd-data: 
opersys-strs:
passes-dicts:
passes-sites:
perl-data:
port-nums:
python-data:
regex-dicts:
remote-urls:
ruby-data:
search-dorks:
shell-builtins:
smtp-headers:
smtp-messages:
soap-messages:
software-strs:
string-enums:
system-admin:
system-calls:
tls-acls:
top-secret:
unicode-art:
unix-data:
unix-paths:
vuln-data:
webapp-data:
webapp-dirs:
webapp-files:
webapp-paths:
webapp-words:
web-sites:
wifi-networks:
windows-data:
