                              OpenDNS Shield Neustar_Family CleanBrowsing  Norton_Safe    Yandex_Family  AdGuard_Family
videoxsearch.com              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
xvideos.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
pornhub.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
xnxx.com                      blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
longporntube.com              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
youramateurtube.com           blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
xhamster.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
retrojerks.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
classicxmovies.com            blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
youjizz.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
4porn.com                     blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
redtube.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
pornrabbit.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
slutload.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
fucd.com                      blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
extremeporno.me               not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
reg.itisstart.website         not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       
empflix.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
youngpornvideos.com           blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
alphaporno.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
pornoxo.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
yourdailygirls.com            blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
hamsterporn.tv                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
apetube.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
victoriahearts.com            not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       
ruleporn.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
samporn.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
pornyeah.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
orgasm.com                    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
placeofporn.com               blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
imagefap.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
boysfood.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
hotmilfclips.com              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
wowgirls.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
mommy4u.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
youngleafs.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
xxxhardcore.us                blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
fuckedmature.net              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
homexvideo.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
sextubebox.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
tvcunt.com                    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
nakedgirls.ooo                not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
in-sex.com                    blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    
porn300.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
porn.xxx                      blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
gonzoxxxmovies.com            blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
uradoga.com                   not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    
girlzwelike.com               blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
youporn.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
hardcoreinhd.com              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
pornfiend.net                 blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
homevoyeurvideo.net           blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
keezmovies.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
wankz.com                     blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
faptitans.com                 blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       
rapetube.me                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
hardcoreporn.pics             blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
pornony.com                   blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
vporn.com                     blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
fuckladytube.com              blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
grandpasfuckteens.com         blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       
blondethumb.com               blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
fuq.com                       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
hardcoreluv.com               blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
sunporno.com                  blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
pornerbros.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
nakedwomenweb.com             blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
sugarnakedteens.com           blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
nakedpussypump.com            blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
www.hornymilfwhores.com       blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
nakedmilfs.pics               not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
adultgames.xxx                blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
nakedmomsporn.com             blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
onlynakedteens.net            blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
sex.wonderful-photos.com      blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
petitenakedgirl.com           blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
bustynakedpics.com            not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
nakedexgirlfriendspics.com    blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
fuckinsilly.com               blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
make-dating24.com             not blocked    not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
mygirlfuck.com                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
hentaitake.net                blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
sexhentaisex.com              blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
superhentaisex.com            blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
24animeporn.com               not blocked    blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
gamesofdesire.com             blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       
amateur-porno-bilder.com      blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    
myhentaimovie.com             blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked  
proxy4free.com                blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
proxysite.com                 blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
us-proxy.org                  blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
hidemyass.com                 blocked,       blocked,       blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
hidester.com                  blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
cyberghostvpn.com             blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
proxynova.com                 blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
proxfree.com                  blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
filterbypass.me               blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked    
freeproxy.net                 blocked,       not blocked    blocked,       not blocked    not blocked    not blocked
