We're sorry to hear about this incident. It is not our goal to support
or condone criminal activities. We provide our services to people behind
censoring firewalls in oppressive regimes. Tor is key technology for
Internet users and citizens in China, Iran, Syria, Kazakhstan and many
other countries to be able to access uncensored media and exchange
information freely. We strongly stand for this and see it as a modern
human right. Unfortunately, this means we have to take a close watch on
illegal activities and abuse of anonymizing technology like Tor.

Your reports are very important to understand how usage of Tor is
developing over time. As a network of 13 non-profit organizations in 10
countries, we push quite some large amounts of data at various locations
for Tor (20G+). Based on the limited amount of information we are
legally allowed to look at to protect our users, and the number of
reports like yours, we still feel that the balance is very much on the
legal side. We are in close contact with "regular" ISPs, and it seems
our level of "abuse per traffic/number of users" is on par with what
they see.

Please understand that Tor makes it technically impossible to single out
individual users. We also are legally bound to respective privacy
rights. What I can offer is to block certain destination ports and IP
addresses, but I strongly advocate against these types of blocks because
they will affect _all_ users of Tor, not only the "bad apples". You can
also simply block Tor users -- again, all of them! -- on your end. If
you need help with that, let us know. If levels of abuse turn out to
become too high, please consider to lift the block after some time so
friendly users of Tor can again access your resources. If you value the
privacy of your visitors, we can also talk about less "either-or"
strategies modeled around your service.

Thanks for your understanding! Please use $XYZ to best
reach us should any issues arise.

-- 
Moritz Bartl 
Abuse Department
