Hi $TO$,

I am very sorry to hear that. The IP you quote hosts a Tor exit node
(open relay). I can offer you to block specific destination IPs and 
ports, but the abuser doesn't use our relays specifically; he/she 
will just be routed through a different exit node outside of our 
control instead.

You will be much better off blocking Tor temporarily from your side.
Please only issue a temporary block to not affect other, legitimate
users of Tor.

Tor is a research project, funded by the National Science Foundation and
previously DARPA (among others). Its primary goal is to provide people
from hostile environments with encrypted and uncensored access to the
Internet. For more than a third of the worlds population, the Internet
is being either filtered or monitored. Every day, activists and bloggers
are imprisoned or threatened for what we in the western  countries see
as a Human Right.

There are usage stats on the www.torproject.org website that show that
more than 500,000 users from China, Iran and similar regimes (have to)
use Tor to access the Internet every day.

Torservers.net is a non-profit organization comprised of volunteers who 
are willing to run Tor relays for the benefit of everyone.

I hope that you understand the importance of Tor, and don't block the 
whole Tor network because of a single attack/misuse.

Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. You can find a
guide on how to identify all Tor exit nodes on the Torproject website
www.torproject.org. Please send Tor users through additional "screening"
(CAPTCHA, etc) instead of just blocking them completely. 

Thanks for your understanding. If you have further questions, feel free
to contact us again.

Yours sincerely,
-- 
$FROM$
Abuse Department 
https://www.torservers.net/
