areacode-database-cols: Describes columns in NANPA area codes database below  
areacode-database-rows: Database containing details on area codes from NANPA  
att-800-numbers: businesses with 800 numbers from AT&T  
areacode-states-locations: Information about area codes in the United States  
country-codes-alphabetical: Country codes assigned by ITU-T (alphabetical order)  
country-codes-notes: Define single letter notes referenced in country code files  
country-codes-numerical: Country codes assigned by ITU-T (numerical order)  
country-exit-codes: international exit codes by country sorted alphabetically  
country-service-restrictions: an outline of services missing in each country  
geographical-codes-numerical: Geographical codes from ITU-T (numerical order)  
itu-mobile-glossary: Glossary of mobile terms published by [ITU-T](http://itu.int)  
itu-mobile-glossary: ITU-T Glossary of Mobile Terms  
mobile-codes-alphabetical: alphabetized mobile or geographical area codes   
mobile-codes-notes: Define single letter notes referenced in mobile code files  
mobile-codes-numerical: numerically sorted mobile or geographical area codes  
mobile-operator-churn: CSV describing account churn of Mobile telecom operators  
nanpa-class-codes: NANPA vertical service code assignments  
national-network-tones: Specifications/meanings of tones by country via ITU-T  
sdf-outbound-rates: CSV of outbound VoIP rates taken from the SDF FTP server  
sms2email-mailer-records: Cellular carriers' SMTP gateways for SMS messages  
sms-spam-collection: various unsolicited commercial SMS messages in the UK  
telephony-acronyms-abbrevs: Telephony Acronyms and Abbreviations List From Hell  
vertical-service-codedefs: NANPA vertical service code definitions  
xfinity-voice-features: Xfinity Voice Features, CLASS Services, Star Codes, etc.  
