adobe-expmgr-names: Adobe Experience Manager environment variables of quickstart
apache-environ-names: non-suEXEC environment variables specific to Apache httpd
apache-ssl-environ: environment variables used by Apache's mod_ssl module
apache-suexec-names: environment variables strings'd from Apache suEXEC binary
apache2-ctl-names: environment variables used by the Apache2 control script
bashenv-declared-environ: variables discovered in `bash` by running `declare -p`
binutils-ld-names: GNU binutils linker environment variables
byobu-environ-names: variables defined by the text-based window manager wrapper
common-gateway-names: environment variables used for dynamic web scripting
dash-environ-names: environment variables set by default on Debian dash shell
debian-shell-names: common names of environment variables in Debian BASH shell
environ-manpage-names: environment variables listed in Linux manual pages
environ-setenv-names: environment variables displayed by `env` at shell prompt
etc-init-environ: environment variables parsed from scripts in `/etc/init`
flask-environ-names: environment variables for the Flask Python web framework
hesiod-environ-names: a name server interface library's environment variables
libc-ldso-names: standard C library dynamic linker/loader environment names
linux-pids-names: environment variable names from the Linux process table
locale-environ-names: environment variable names for multi-language support
macos-dyld-names: MacOS dynamic link editor environment variable names
macos-pids-names: environment variable names from the Mac OSX process table
mosh-environ-names: MObile SHell specific environment variable names
msft-environ-names: Environment variables documented on the MSDN web site
netbsd-environ-names: NetBSD environment variable names
nis-environ-names: Environment variables of Sun NIS (Network Information System)
phabricator-environ-names: Environment variable names for the Phabricator IDE
resolv-environ-names: DNS resolver library configuration environment variables
skygear-server-names: Skygear Backend-as-a-Service environ names of `.env.example`
systemd-environ-names: system and service manager environment variable names
zsh-environ-names: environment variables set by default in Debian Z shell
