about-http-headers: Descriptions for the most common HTTP header fields
amazon-http-headers: HTTP headers specific to Amazon
access-control-headers: Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) header name list
cloudfront-request-headers: CloudFront HTTP request headers used by Amazon AWS
cors-request-headers: list of CORS header names used only in HTTP requests
cors-response-headers: list of CORS header names used only in HTTP responses
custom-request-headers: non-standard HTTP request headers, i.e. lack RFC specs
custom-response-headers: non-standard HTTP response headers, i.e. lack RFC specs
envoy-httpconnman-headers: headers used by the Envoy HTTP connection manager
http-request-headers: the names of all standard HTTP request header fields
http-response-headers: the names of all standard HTTP response header fields
iana-http-headers: Uniquely Sorted List of IANA Message Headers Assignments
meetup-request-headers: HTTP request headers used by the MeetUp.com API
meetup-response-headers: HTTP response headers used by the MeetUp.com API
mozdev-docs-headers: header list from left sidebar of Mozilla Developer Docs
platform-request-headers: request headers that are specific to certain platforms
platform-response-headers: response headers particular to certain platforms
rfc-request-headers: request header names that appear in an IETF RFC document
rfc-response-headers: response header names that appear in an IETF RFC document
security-policy-headers: CSP (Content-Security-Policy) header name list
ssrf-request-headers: request headers that can be used in SSRF attacks
ssrf-response-headers: response headers host names for SSRF can be parsed from
tusio-http-headers: headers used by resumable file transfer protocol, see tus.io
web-agent-strings: common User-Agent request header field settings
