errno-all-locales: the errno names and descriptions for all system locales
errno-description-list: errors in preprocessor constant, numeric and string form
free-bsd-groups: common GID names found in `/etc/group` on FreeBSD
free-bsd-users: common UID names found in `/etc/passwd` on FreeBSD
freebsd-sysctl-vars: FreeBSD `sysctl(8)` variables with types and changeability
linux-error-strings: strings returned by C99 function strerror on Linux
locale-charmap-list: a list of all charmaps available with system locale info
locale-info-list: a list of all system locale identifier symbols
locale-unicode-list: a list of locales parsed from Unicode.org `icu-config.xml`
macos-commmands-ss64: macOS commands list taken from ss64.com
macosx-brew-commands: commands available on a MacOSX install with Homebrew packages installed
macosx-server-group: common GID names found in `/etc/group` on Mac OSX 
macosx-server-users: common UID names found in `/etc/passwd` on Mac OSX
msdos-command-list: list of MS-DOS (MicroSoft Disk Operating System) commands
netbsd-error-strings: strings returned by C99 function strerror on NetBSD
netbsd-procfs-paths: names of files located under the `/proc` directory on NetBSD
netbsd-setid-files: set-ID file names only (i.e. `basename`) from NetBSD
netbsd-setid-paths: the fully qualified pathnames to set-ID files on NetBSD
netbsd-sgid-games: paths to executables that have the set-GID bit set on NetBSD
netbsd-sysctl-list: symbols taken from NetBSD `sysctl` entries
real-users-list: list of user names taken from a real/live UNIX system
syslog-facility-values: syslog system call facility values taken from RFC3164
tmux-command-list: list of tmux (terminal multiplexer) commands
unix-filesystem-list: list of acronyms representing UNIX filesystem types
unix-user-names: a long list of UNIX user name possibilities
vms-unix-commands: translation of VMS commands to UNIX equivalents
vt100-codes-chart: VT100 and VT52 Compatable Modes ESCape Codes Chart
